All right.
Let's make sure that we can list out all the different products we've created inside of our application.
So inside of my products such as file I'm going to find router Duckett admin slash products.
So from inside of here there's a couple of things we need to do.
We first need to take a look at our products repository.
We're going to find all the products that exist inside there.
Once we find them we're then going to render them with a template and send the result back down to our
user so to get access to all of our different products.
We're going to use our products repo which we've all we are already required and at the very top and
inside of my root handler I'll say Concerta products is a weight products repo that get all because
I'm using the awake keyword right here.
I'm going to make sure that I also mark this function as being async now that we've got our products
we can create a new view inside of our views directory in order to list out all those different products
inside of my views admin products directory I'm going to make a new file called index dot J.S. the reason
I'm calling this index is normally we associate showing a listing of different things with an index
action.
So whenever we show a list of files images comments blog posts products whatever it is we usually refers
to that as an index so inside of here we will define a template function
and we're going to call this thing with a list of all the different products we have.
So once again I'm going to expect that I will receive an object that has a product's property inside
of it.
So we need to make sure that when we actually call this template we pass an object with products and
products should be an array of all the different products we have inside of here.
We can start to render our template or render our layout so let's make sure that we require that in
at the top
and we'll go up one directory.
So dot dot slash layout and then we will return layout we'll pass in an object that has a content property
that's going to be a template string inside of here for right now I'll just place like an each one.
I'm going to give it a class of title that says simply products then after that we need to iterate through
all the different products we have.
We need to build up some amount of H to UML and we're gonna show all that stuff right there.
So to do so stacking all that logic right here would be just a little bit confusing and hard to read.
So we will instead ahead of time build up our list of all these different products and the HDL for each
them there's many different ways we can iterate through this list of products right here.
I think that the easiest and most appropriate way would be to use a map statement.
So we're going to map over our list of products and for every product we're going to generate and return
a little snippet of HDL.
So the result will be an array of HDL snippets we can then join that rate together into one big string
and show all that right here right above our return statement.
I'll say rendered products.
So this is going to be essentially a big array of H signal strings.
So this will be products stop map.
Remember when we call dot map we're going to pass in a function that's going to be invoked with every
individual element inside of that right now will refer to each individual element as simply product
so then inside of here we're going to return once again a multi line string and so inside of here we're
going to place some H team L to represent this very specific product so to start let's just do How about
the title of each product that we've created it's all due simply a div I'll do my dollar sign curly
braces and I'll say product title
okay.
That looks good.
It's now rendered products at this point time is an array of strings so it's going to be an array with
every single product wrapped inside or every single product title wrapped in that little div.
We don't want to show an array of strings inside of our template.
Instead we want to show like one single string and that's why right after the map statement I'm going
to tack on a dot.
Join with an empty string.
That's gonna take all these separate little H small snippets join them together into one big string
and then assign the result to rendered products.
Now we can't take render products and throw it into our layout or the content right here that we're
passing to the layout.
They'll do a dollar sign curly brace rendered products like so
and that should be it.
So let's now go back over to our products dot J File inside of our admin roots directory.
We're going to get access to that template function and call it with the list of products we've just
pulled out of our repo right after our products new template that we have required in right here.
I'm gonna get products index template I'll require that from up one directory of one directory.
It's basically the same thing as the line right above.
So up up the use admin products index.
All right.
So now when we call it products index template we're going to make sure that we pass inside of an object
all the different products we have so I'm going to do.
Products index template we're gonna pass into object because that's what we said that we were going
to expect to pass in.
That's going to have products is products.
And as usual condense that down to just products because the key and the value are the same now finally
we're going to wrap this entire call right here with a resort scent.
So we'll take all the HCM L that we're generating from net function we're gonna send it back down to
whoever made this request it's going to wrap that with a rez dot sent okay and that should pretty much
be it.
So let's say this I encourage you to take a quick peek at your products dot J's on file and just make
sure that you've got at least one or two items inside of your if you have a item that still has a price
that has a string that is OK for right now but we're going to eventually have to fix that up.
I am going to at some point give you a product dot Chase on file that has a couple of different products
inside of it already pre generated with some nice images to go along with each one.
So for right now all we really need to make sure is that we've got an array of objects in each object
should have a reasonable title assigned to them.
So when I now tried to access this products index route to get a listing of all my different products
I will expect to see a title of 1 product of a SDF and another one of a special code.
It's going to close that file go back over to my browser and I'll go to admin slash products and there
we go.
So here's my products listing I've got a SDF and a special code.
So that looks pretty good.
Now if you've gotten error at this point in time incredibly possible that you might have won if you
have an error I would recommend that you go back over to your editor.
And as long as you don't have a typo or something like that you should be able to read the error message
inside of your terminal to see what is going wrong as long as it doesn't seem to indicate that you have
an error.
The most likely thing that just went wrong is you might have some bad data inside of your products not
just on file so you can always delete that file if you delete it just make sure that you restart your
server so that file gets recreated after you have recreated that file.
Go back to the product's new endpoint so admin products new and just create a new product this with
just a title and just a price.
Don't even worry about the image just yet.
And then tried to go to adamant slash products and just make sure that you can see that stuff appear
on the screen.
All right.
Now with that we can list some stuff out here.
Obviously we need some better styling and if we look back at our makeup we need to make sure that we
also have a link to go to our create product page.
We need to have the ability to edit and delete each product as well.
So let's take care of all that stuff in just a moment.